Fortunately, foreign businessmen are not too serious.
Don't be sad. In fact, your mother usually behaves well.
You also gave him medicine before coming here,
I don’t know why I suddenly fell ill.
Generally speaking, without taking medicine,
Or maybe he really doesn't want to see people who will sign in the Ice Finals to a certain extent.
Is there a man named Tuoyao who came to see me escape?
There is such a thing. He was also staying in our hospital before,
Say she's your sister. I thought she was your mother's eldest daughter, so I let him see her.
I was discharged from the hospital today, and I didn’t want to. Tongya
You are such a congratulatory woman
You really remember it with me
You will naturally still have my mother here.
Nothing to do with you
What should someone do if something happens?
Fu people always go to Tong Ya
Beat Tong Yayou flat
But these people
There are too many people
The attached person is not looking for anyone else
Our people went there all night and didn't call
Go back to the place immediately
Jiafu paid the price in Tang Dynasty